[ Reagan ]
Air and naval forces
of the United States...
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities–
[ Reporter ]
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
[ Reagan ] He has sanctioned
acts of terror in Africa,
Europe and the Middle East.
This will not stand,
this aggression against Kuwait.
[ Reagan ]
...his relentless pursuit
of terror.
[ Bush ]
We will make no distinction–
[ Reporter ] The U.S.S.  Cole
was attacked while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next number we’re gonna
swing for you is one
of the good ol’ favorites.
- [ Speaking Arabic ]
- ...until something stops him.
[ Carrie ]
It was right in front of my
eyes, and I never saw it coming.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Man ]
We got a plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
[ Man #2 ]
...thousands of people running–
We must, and we will, remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
[ Speaking Arabic ]
[ Saul Whispering ] You’re
the smartest and the dumbest
fucking person I’ve ever known.
[ Arabic Continues ]
[ Carrie ] I’m not the one
who got it wrong. I’m the only
one who got it right.
[ Saul ]
Take ’em.
Take ’em all.
[ Man ]
Roll every available ambulance
you’ve got to this position.
[ Police Sirens Wailing ]
[ Saul ]
Previously on Homeland.
I’m inviting you
into an ongoing operation,
Peter.
Carrie’s and mine.
You mean burning her
in front of the Senate–
The case officer in question,
she’s been diagnosed as bipolar.
[ Quinn ] Committing her
to a mental institution–
This is a fucking sham.
- [ Saul ] All an act.
Part of the plan.
- Fuck me.
Two nights ago, the deputy chief
of Iran’s intelligence
directorate took the bait.
We believe
he’s on his way here.
-What do you mean,
Dana’s missing?
-She disappeared three days ago.
She stole my car
and broke her boyfriend
out of the clinic.
His parents put him there
to avoid a homicide charge.
One thing I cannot have
in my life is lies,
and you lied to me!
Dana, please.
I spoke to
the president yesterday.
He’s concerned.
He’s exploring some changes
in intelligence practice.
I’ll do whatever it takes,
but I won’t temper my views
just to get your support for
my confirmation as director.
I’m afraid you’ve got this
backwards, old friend.
I’m the one
getting nominated
as director.
Saul.
I didn’t
expect you back tonight.
This is Alain Bernard.
Hello.
[ Phone Buzzing ]
Yes?
I think the watch
is back on.
No sound.
Any sign of Carrie?
No, there’s no sign of Carrie.
I’m too fucking far away.
- I’m getting closer.
- Quinn, do not move.
Quinn?
Yeah, I’m inside.
She’s gone.
- We lost her.
- But we know who’s got her.
We’re back in business.
She’s on her own, Saul.
She’s always been
on her own.
Take it off.
Carrie Mathison.
[ Beeping ]
[ Breathing Deeply ]
[ Quinn ] Police traffic
cameras picked up three men
leaving D.C. with Carrie...
in a Dodge sedan
around 1:34 a.m.
False plates.
Likely a stolen vehicle.
Show him the U.A.V. footage.
This may take a minute.
About time.
Hey, sorry.
My taxi got lost.
You took a fucking taxi
to a C.I.A. safe house?
It was a joke.
I flew in from a job in Georgia.
I got here as fast as I could.
Hi.
I’m waiting.
Trying to send him
the drone feed.
The car turns
onto the G.W. Parkway
six minutes later.
Beltway
14 minutes after that.
Then heads north on 270
towards Germantown.
Pulls into a truck stop.
Three men hustle Carrie inside.
The drone is now useless.
Truck stop
security cameras?
Limited to gas pumps,
cash registers and bathrooms.
Nothin’.
- What about the car?
- They never went back to it.
It’s still there
six hours later.
- So we lost her.
- Yes.
How about we check
the car for prints?
See if we can I.D.
any of those three men.
No. We don’t panic
or do anything that
could compromise Carrie.
Right.
Keep lookin’.
The fuck–
[ Man Speaking Farsi ]
[ Farsi Continues ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Sighs ]
Firstly, Ms. Mathison,
I wish to apologize...
for the precautions
we had to take
in bringing you here.
I understand.
If we are to have a relationship
that has any real meaning,
we must first establish
the most important ingredient–
trust.
Now–
[ Sighs ]
Are you ready?
Yes.
Is this the month of March?
Are you married?
No.
Do you know who I am?
Majid Javadi.
Second in command
of Iran’s intelligence
directorate.
Morning.
His name
is Alain Bernard.
He didn’t stay the night,
if that’s what you’re wondering.
How un-French of him.
We met in Mumbai.
He was researching an article
on police corruption.
You don’t need
to explain yourself.
Will you look at me,
please?
I didn’t do
anything wrong, Saul.
When I met him,
you and I had separated.
Your decision,
not mine.
Then your world collapsed,
and I came running.
Yes, you did.
But I left something behind.
It was a whole life
I was starting there.
So you’re in love
with him.
Tell me.
Don’t do this, Saul.
It’s a simple question.
Yes or no– Do you love him?
We have fun.
He makes me laugh.
How’s that?
The day’s better
with him in it.
That’s all
I needed to hear.
Saul.
You should know the president
is nominating Andrew Lockhart...
as director
of Central Intelligence.
What?
When did this happen?
Nothin’ happened.
I don’t think
I was ever really
in the running.
Oh. I’m so sorry, Saul.
Oh, don’t be.
I’m fine.
For God’s sake, Saul,
stop this detached routine.
Just get angry
at something.
Get angry at me.
I don’t have
any claim on you, Mira.
No, but you do.
Surely you know that.
Not anymore.
[ Javadi ]
Do you still work
for the C.I.A.?
- Yes.
- You’re an analyst.
- Case officer.
- A spy.
Who’s currently
on administrative leave.
Does anyone else know
that you and I are meeting?
No.
Are you able to provide me
with information
on C.I.A. matters?
I told Mr. Bennett
that I might be able
to discuss some areas...
within certain
strict parameters.
Yes or no, please.
I agreed
to speak with you
and you alone.
I don’t know these men.
They’re making me nervous.
You can trust them.
Like you trust me.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Farsi ]
The machine says
you’re lying.
Are we completely
alone now?
Is anyone else
listening to this?
No. No one is listening.
Shall we
try this again, hmm?
No. No. We’re done.
What are you doing?
It’s time we talk
about Nasser Hejazi.
Goalkeeper for the 1978
Iran World Cup team...
whose name you used
to embezzle more
than $45 million...
from
the Revolutionary Guard.
You are now an enemy
of your own state.
[ Farsi ]
[ Carrie
Speaking Farsi ]
[ Farsi ]
Brava, Ms. Mathison.
Quite excellent.
So, um, when did you and Saul
hatch this plan?
You bombed the C.I.A.
12/12.
We got to work
in the early hours
of 12/13.
If you’re considering
killing me or running,
forget it.
You’re outnumbered
and outgunned, and you’ll
never get off this property.
So why am I not arrested
already?
Saul would like
to talk to you first.
He used you to lure me.
Saul Berenson.
Still,
after all these years,
putting other people’s
lives on the line.
Tell your men
that your plan to recruit me
as an asset has worked.
Then I’ll take you
to Saul.
Now?
You can finish
your cigarette.
For me to leave with you
so quickly...
will arouse suspicion.
You’ll find a way.
I know my men.
I trained them.
You command,
and they obey.
The plan was to test you
with the lie detector,
and if satisfied,
to give you a simple assignment.
That is how we recruit
all of our assets.
There is no plausible way
to explain a sudden change
in that procedure.
What are you suggesting?
I tell them
I’ve instructed you...
to retrieve an item
of valuable intelligence...
and deliver it
to me in person.
Valuable intelligence?
Like what?
The intelligence that led
to the six assassinations...
that your clandestine service
carried out around the world...
in response to
the bombing of Langley.
I can have that
by this afternoon.
That fast?
I’m that good.
Otherwise,
why go to all this trouble
to recruit me?
3:00 p.m.
Seven hours from now.
Where?
Exit 1 off the 270.
There’s a coffee shop right
there. Raffi’s Coffee Shop.
Can’t miss it.
Falls Church train station
is what I had in mind.
I just changed it.
270, Exit 1.
Raffi’s Coffee.
Wait here.
Make it quick.
Saul should have instructed you
to treat me with more
respect than that.
Bring me the bank files
from Venezuela, please.
[ Exhales ]
Let’s go.
- This way.
- Let’s go.
Where’s Mr. Javadi?
I need to speak
with Mr. Javadi again
before I leave.
Get in the car.
Where would you like them?
The Venezuela bank files.
Is that Javadi?
In a French
restaurant in Tehran,
with our wives.
You and he were friends?
We were young
intelligence officers during
the dying days of the shah.
Complicated times.
Who’s that?
Sanjar Hootan.
Professor of political science
at the University of Tehran.
An agent of yours?
One of four I recruited there
before the revolution.
This is Tal’at Basari,
a concert-level pianist...
whose cousin
had ties to Khomeini.
What’s the relevance
to you now?
I had to get
all four out of Iran
after the revolution.
Their lives were in danger.
Javadi offered to help.
He said SAVAK still had
a safe house near the airport
where they could stay,
while I got travel documents
together over at the embassy.
When was this?
May, 1979.
Country was in full
revolutionary
crisis mode.
Khomeini’s thugs in the street,
trying to consolidate power.
What happened?
When I showed up
at the house,
their bodies were
laid out on the carpet,
side by side.
I promised them the protection
of the United States government.
Instead they got a bullet
to the back of their heads.
Javadi.
[ Saul ] It was his ticket
into the new regime’s
security services.
I flew back to Washington,
handed in my resignation.
Not only were my people dead,
but I watched a man
I thought I knew
become an animal.
In front of my eyes.
So this operation
is your revenge.
No.
Revenge was when
I helped his wife and son escape
to the West four months later.
That’s her. Fariba.
This isn’t gonna be easy,
is it?
Turning an intelligence officer
against his own country–
Well, that’s the most delicate
and uncertain work there is.
But he will turn, won’t he?
You do have
the advantage over him.
Honestly, I don’t know.
Turning touches
the stubbornness
in some people.
He’s a stubborn man
to begin with.
Out.
- Hi, Mom.
- Hey.
- What’s going on?
- I need your help.
With what? Everything okay?
Yeah.
What’s that?
A name change application?
I can’t be Dana Brody
anymore.
Dana.
I already
made an appointment
at the courthouse.
What are you gonna
change your name to?
Lazaro.
My maiden name?
Is that a problem?
When’s your appointment?
Well, they have an opening
in, like, an hour actually.
Do you think
that you could drive me?
Please, Mom.
[ Beeping,
Dialing ]
[ Phone Vibrating ]
- Where are you?
- At my place.
He wouldn’t
come with me right away.
Said it wouldn’t fly
with his guys.
It was too risky.
- So I set a meet for later.
- The plan was to bring him
straight here.
I know what the plan was, Saul,
but he had a legitimate problem
with it,
and I– I made a call
in the moment.
Where did he take you?
You don’t know?
We lost you. We knew
it could happen going in.
Move on, please.
2767 Green Meadow Drive,
Stone Hearth Country Club.
The northeast corner
of the ninth green.
Get the drone
over that address now.
Javadi could be
anywhere by now.
He’s gonna be
right where you left him.
I guarantee it.
He’s had at least an hour
without eyes on him.
Which he can’t possibly know.
How did he react when you
dropped the hammer on him?
Thousand-yard stare
for a few seconds.
Then he began
to wriggle a little,
reassert himself.
He talked about you
a little bit too.
What did he say?
That judging by
the high-risk nature
of this operation,
you don’t seem
to have changed much.
What were the details
of the meet you set?
The 270, Exit 1
at 3:00 p.m.
I’m to bring him the file
on how we hunted down
his network.
Okay. We’ll get on that.
We’ll doctor one up.
Drone is now over
the golf course.
- See anything?
- No, it’s very still.
Nobody’s outside the house.
I can’t see inside.
You gotta get
actual eyes on Javadi.
Boots on the ground.
We cannot afford to
spook him or alert his men.
Not gonna happen.
Well, how can we be sure
he’s still there?
I know this man.
Survival’s the only thing
on his mind right now.
He will not take
any unnecessary risks
with his life.
You don’t think
he could have changed a little
since you last saw him?
He will keep
that meeting with you.
Till then, you should
get some sleep.
Quinn will
deliver the file to you
when it’s ready...
and provide backup
at the meeting point.
I hope you’re right
about this, Saul.
I am.
Get some rest.
You deserve it.
[ Beeps ]
[ Urinating ]
Mr. Adal.
Senator.
The director apologizes
for not being here...
and has asked me
to take the meeting
for him.
Lead the way.
Here.
Where is the director?
I’m afraid I don’t know.
He chose not to share that
with me.
I, for one, am very glad
to have this opportunity
to visit with you, Mr. Adal.
Thank you, Senator.
Likewise.
May I speak plainly?
Of course.
The Agency is a mess.
Okay.
As far as I can see,
it’s being driven
in the fuckin’ ground...
by poor decision-making
and god-awful leadership.
The hope is that
you are the reformer
your record in the Senate...
and on the select committee
would indicate.
So then you agree
that change is in order,
no matter how painful.
In light of the worst attack
this agency has ever suffered,
yes, I do.
How did this happen?
The past is the past.
I’m more interested
in what happens next.
What happens next
is that we reclaim
the respect...
and the fear...
that the world used to have
for this agency’s hard punch.
Reminiscent of some
of the work you yourself
have done...
in Somalia, in Libya,
Uganda.
How can I be of service,
Senator?
My confirmation hearing
is in 12 days.
I don’t want any surprises
on my first day as director.
No skeletons.
No unfinished business.
No more Sergeant Brodys.
No Carrie Mathisons.
God forbid.
[ Ringing ]
Yeah?
[ Quinn ] It’s me.
I’m here, out back.
Hold on.
You’re early.
Always good
to have a cushion.
You get much sleep?
Some.
What’s the latest
on Javadi?
The drone picked up a car,
a Buick, headed for
the golf course house...
about an hour
after you called in.
Have we actually seen
if Javadi’s still there?
No.
Well, then that car
doesn’t mean shit.
You bring me the file?
Yeah. Verifiable electronic
intelligence on how we hunted
down those six targets.
No mention of sources
or anything like that,
but enough to make
the suits in Tehran know that
Javadi recruited the right girl.
If he shows.
Saul’s convinced he will.
I know what
you’re thinking.
No, you don’t.
Brody is America’s
most wanted man.
You’re looking for
possible sightings of him
because it’s your job.
New burner phone.
Give me your old one.
All right. Let’s go.
L-A-Z-A-R-O. Lazaro.
And are we keeping
the same first name?
Yes.
How long does it take?
Three to six weeks.
That’ll be $41.14,
please.
I’ve got money.
[ Dana ]
Is that it?
Oh, just a signature
here.
Um, old name or new name?
Birth name,
where it says "Applicant."
Hmm.
Thanks.
You seem like
a nice young lady.
Must have Mom
to thank for that.
I just– I can’t imagine
what you all are going through.
Would you permit me
to pray for you?
Of course.
Thank you very much.
God bless.
Come on.
Let’s go home.
Good luck.
Thanks.
Sit in the window
so I can see you.
Right.
Is Javadi moving yet?
Nothing yet.
All quiet.
[ Saul ]
He’s still in that house
going through his options.
That’s what I’d be doing.
- He’s cutting it pretty fine.
- By being late,
he’s making a point.
- Which is?
- You may have me over a barrel,
but I’ll never be your bitch.
There’s movement.
Something’s happening.
That’s him.
He’s getting in the car.
He’s heading west
towards 270.
[ Phone Vibrates ]
So far, so good.
I’d better take this.
Stand by, Carrie. This is it.
Put him through.
[ Adal ]
Saul.
How was Lockhart?
- Disappointed not to see you.
- I can imagine.
But I think
we had a productive meeting.
- Anything specific?
- No.
He’s just trying
to get his bearings
before the big day.
Of course he is.
Anxious for a smooth
transition of power.
That’s what he said?
While remaining respectful
of the work you’ve done.
Sir, we need you inside
right away.
I gotta go.
He was headed south on 270,
but he got off Exit 9.
- Where’s Carrie again?
- Exit 1.
Maybe he needs gas.
[ Max ]
Apparently not.
Carrie, you hearing this?
I need you on the Beltway,
heading north to intercept. Now.
Copy that.
He’s turning east
onto Mulberry Road.
He’s cruising
a residential area.
Small streets,
lots of trees.
Run a check to see
what, if any, Iranian-Americans
live in the area.
Racial profiling
by neighborhood?
F.B.I. calls it
"domain management."
I’ll check their database.
I can do that.
You stay on Javadi.
He’s slowing down
to almost a crawl now.
What the hell
is he lookin’ for?
He stopped.
1426 Longhill Road.
1426 Longhill Road belongs
to Vincent D. Carlyle,
who rents it out through
A.C.B. Property Management.
Well, who’s the tenant?
The house was rented out
by Susan Roberts,
C.P.A. with Brown and Getz
in Annandale.
Wait. Roberts
is not her married name.
The lease was
originally cosigned
by her ex-husband,
Nasser Javadi.
They have a two-year-old son,
Behrouz.
- Where are you, Carrie?
- Just passed Exit 8.
Five minutes out.
[ Max ]
He’s getting out of the car.
He cannot go inside that house.
You must stop him
going in that house.
- Do you copy?
- [ Carrie ] Copy that.
For Christ’s sake,
Carrie, hurry.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Hello.
Can I help you?
Do you know who I am?
Fariba’s ex-husband.
Yes. Majid.
And you must be Susan.
[ Baby Fussing ]
Is that my grandson,
Behrouz?
May I come in
and say hello?
Would you mind
waiting just a second?
Of course.
[ Behrouz Crying ]
[ Speaking Farsi ]
Hey.
Susan, do you want me
to take Behrouz to the park?
Hello, Fariba.
[ Farsi ]
[ Gasps, Whimpers ]
No! No! You betrayed us!
You betrayed us!
Stop or I shoot.
Show me your hands.
Someone talk to me.
Now I’m ready to see Saul.
[ Crying ]
Oh, Jesus.
One of you tell me please
what the fuck is happening.
He shot his daughter-in-law
in the head and then he, uh–
There’s two fatalities
and a lot of blood.
Who’s the second fatality?
Hold on.
Who’s she?
Tell Saul
it’s my ex-wife, Fariba.
He took a bottle to her neck.
He killed her
with a fucking bottle.
Fariba.
What was she doing there?
She’s meant to be in Witness
Protection in California.
It’s a fucking bloodbath,
Saul.
You gotta get him out of there
as fast as possible.
- Get the murder weapon.
You understand?
- Jesus fucking Christ.
- Do you understand?
- Yeah, I understand.
Leave your car
a couple blocks away.
Then bring him here
in his car.
We’ll get yours later.
You were never there.
Follow the procedure.
Check for security cameras,
et cetera.
- There’s a baby in here.
What do we do about the baby?
- Leave it.
What? We can’t do that.
You can’t take the baby.
You weren’t there.
Oh, fu–
[ Crying ]
Okay, sweetheart.
It’s okay.
It’s okay. Come here.
Come here. Yeah.
Come here.
It’s all right.
We got to get out of here.
[ Baby Crying Continues ]
Dana Lazaro.
It sounds pretty cool.
It kind of does,
doesn’t it?
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it.
Hi.
I’m a friend of Dana’s.
Angela.
Do you want to come in?
Dana.
Are you hungry?
I’m just here, you know,
to pick her up.
Where you guys going?
Like, camping?
No, Mom.
I’m moving.
To Angela’s.
Okay. No, you’re not.
I don’t even know Angela.
No offense.
- Maybe I should
wait in the car.
- I think that’s a good idea.
I’ll be out
in a minute.
What, you were just
going to sneak out?
I told you, Mom.
I can’t be Dana Brody
anymore.
Right. And we went
to the courthouse and we
filled out all those forms.
It’s not just
about my name.
You can’t suddenly
just leave.
It’s not sudden.
For you, maybe.
You’ve been thinking
about it, obviously,
but you never told me.
You told Angela,
whoever that is.
She’s my friend.
Don’t take it out on her.
Dana, we haven’t
even talked about this.
There’s no point
in talking about this...
because there’s nothing
to talk about.
Mom.
I can’t live
this life anymore.
I just can’t.
I mean,
it nearly killed me.
I’ve got to leave.
Oh, God.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
[ Sniffles ]
But I’m gonna go now.
Okay?
Wait. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Dana, wait.
There’s still $300
left on that.
Mom, no.
Please take it.
I need to do this
on my own.
You don’t have to use it.
Just take it.
- Bye.
[ Engine Starts ]
Looks like
they beat us to it.
Someone must have called it in
before we could get over here
to clean up.
Got a police homicide squad
already in overdrive over here.
Keep moving. Don’t stop.
Hands.
[ Sighs ]
This is just
the fucking beginning.
[ Door Opens ]
You okay?
I don’t know what I am.
Shall we?
Take the chains off.
Stand up.
Saul.
You don’t look like a man
who has just landed
the biggest asset of his career.
[ Screams ]
[ Crickets Chirping ]
[ Warbling ]
[ Keys Clack, Bell Dings ]